Okay.
So now let's go ahead.
Let's create a back door.
And the only difference is we're going to set the IP to the public IP instead of the local IP.
So we're going to create a back door exactly the same way that we used to create it.
When we're hacking devices in the same network.
And I'm going to do this a bit quickly because we've done it and there's nothing new with this.
So as mentioned previously, the tool that we're going to be using is called MSF venom.
We're using the dash dash payload argument to specify the payload.
So it's the exact same payload that we used in our previous video.
So it runs on windows platforms.
The type of payload is a Meterpreter payload and it uses reverse connection over the Https protocol.
Then we're setting the basic options of this payload.
We can see that the El port is set to 8080 by default.
And I'm going to keep that the same.
The only thing that I'm going to change is the El host.
And in the previous videos when we were receiving connections on our own computer.
We used to set it to the local IP, because that's the IP that the devices use inside the network.
But whenever you want to do things on the outside, we want to use the real IP because these internal
IPS are not visible to computers outside the network.
So I'm going to use the IP that I see on Google.
So when I type in what's my IP, I get this IP and I'm going to use that as the host in my back door.
So I'm just going to copy this and I'm going to set it here.
We're using the public IP.
So this is the most important step in this I'm going to hit enter.
And that has generated my payload for me.
So that's all done.
Now all we have to do is just listen for incoming connections.
To do that we're actually going to use Metasploit.
So first of all we need to launch the console by doing MSF console as you know.
And when it starts we're going to use a module that is called exploit multi handler, we can simply
do show options to see all of the options that we can set for it.
So we're going to do set followed by the option name that we want to modify which is the payload.
So in the back door we used windows meterpreter reverse https.
If we do show options again you'll see that we'll actually get to see different options because the
payload is different.
So you can see that the options here are again very similar to the options that we set when we created
the backdoor.
So the main two options that we need to modify are the host and the El port.
And the El host is the IP of the computer that will receive the connection.
I'm actually going to listen on my local IP, so I'm not going to listen on the external.
I'm going to listen on the local because I can't listen on the external.
I'm actually in the network and I only have control over my current computer.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm in here in the Kali machine.
I'm going to listen on port 8080.
And in the external device, the backdoor will try to connect to the backdoor.
So the step after that will be set up.
IP forwarding to tell the router to forward port 8080 to the Kali machine.
So to get our current IP, we saw that when we ran the backdoor we can do ifconfig.
And we can see my IP is right here.
So I'm going to copy it.
So you do set followed by the option name which is El host followed by the value.
And I'm going to paste my value which is my IP.
Next we're going to set the port.
So we're going to do set El port.
And the port that we used in the backdoor was 880.
Now that we set everything we can do show options one more time to make sure that the options were set
correctly and perfect.
As you can see, we can see that the El host is set to my IP.
And same goes for the El port.
So now that we're happy with everything we can do exploit.
As you can see here, it's listening on my private IP and it's listening on port 8080.
So now we did the two main steps.
We created a backdoor.
And the backdoor will give us connections back based on the real IP address.
And we're listening on our local machine.
We're listening on port 8080 in the Kali machine.
So when the target person runs the backdoor on the internet, the backdoor will try to connect to this
IP on port 8080.
The only problem now is the gateway which is the router right here.
It doesn't have port 8080 open.
So it's going to receive the connection.
It's not going to know what to do with it.
So we actually need to configure the router to tell it whenever you get something whenever you get a
connection on port 8080, I want you to redirect it to my Kali machine.
And we can do that in two ways.
And we're going to talk about them in the next lecture.